MacDoom SE/30 - v1.1.010 April 2026https://github.com/retrospectmike/MacDoomSE30Reach me at gooey-hyphen-emit@duck.comDoom for the Macintosh SE/30Minimum Requirements- Macintosh SE/30 or better- System 7.5.x- 3 MB RAM- Disk space for the program and your WAD files (20 MB is plenty)How to Use and WAD FilesLaunch the program and feel free to set options.  In the Options screen, the Reset to Defaults button gets you an optimal playable set.  But if you really want Full Screen, check the box and also UN-check Half Line. Hit Done and have some fun!WAD file (IWAD to be more exact)･ You need a WAD file (i.e. doom1.wad, doom2.wad, etc.).  I can't help you get WAD files or include them, that's up to you.Place your WAD file in the same folder as the application.The program searches for WADs in this order:  1. doom2.wad    (Doom II)  2. plutonia.wad (Final Doom: The Plutonia Experiment)  3. tnt.wad      (Final Doom: TNT Evilution)  4. doom.wad     (Doom - registered/retail)  5. doom1.wad    (Doom - shareware)Custom WAD files (PWAD to be more exact)They're supported, but only 1 at a time.  See doomworld.com and other sites.To use a pwad:  1. must be in the same folder as the Doom application!!  2. The program's opening screen has a "Pick WAD..." button.  Click it and select your WAD file.  3. Don't forget that these WAD files target specific level(s) - and if that level isn't the first level (eg E1M1) then you'll need to IDCLEV your way to the correct level.  Release Notes･ 1.1.0 - Support for 256-color mode (requires a color Mac) - Support for non-SE/30 machines in black & white, 256-colors,  or 256-grays modes   - No full-screen option working yet･ 1.0.0 - Initial public release - Fixed transparency rendering bug - Reduced RAM requirements to more realistic yet still conservative･ 1.0b5pre - WAD file support (PWADs to be more specific) - Performance optimizations targeting the 68030 and its cache - Updated to LOWER RAM requirements of 16MB.  Sufficient for heaviest Plutonia level 20    - no changes, just more accurate reflection of what's used ･ 1.0b3 - Sounds!  See Options dialog for off/on setting.･ 1.0b3- Updated Options screen to enable modification of Half Line and Affine options  - Half line OFF is highly recommended  for Full Screen to avoid really low-quality visuals･ 1.0b2- Actual Initial public release- Added missing wad file check- Updated to better doom.cfg included distro config･ 1.0b1- Initial public release- 'Playable' on the SE/30 with Default options settings- No sounds yetSpecial Thanks	･	TinkerDifferent.com	･	The Macintosh SE/30 team	･	Steve Wozniak - because why not	･	Susan Kare - because she'd appreciate it	･	The team behind the Snow emulator, BlueSCSI, etc.	･	Users like you - who keep these machines booping and das lights blinkin'!	･	Peace, love, tolerance, and meditation in whatever flavor or names that float your boat!!!CarewareThis program is care-ware. If you enjoy it, do something nice to someone today!LicenseThis MacDoom-SE/30 is distributed under the GPL-2.0 license.  See https://github.com/retrospectmike/MacDoomSE30 for source and details.